## Meetings Discussion Forum
Supervisor - [Prof. Kevin Tansey](https://le.ac.uk/people/kevin-tansey)

### Meeting-1 (22-03-23)
* Meeting has taken place remotely. I have started with presenting the work that I have been doing since returing from the industrial placement.
* Have talked about the challenges involved in setting up the work station, and I had presented my work station that I set up on the Google Cloud Platfrom.
* Reminded the supervisor about the dissertation thesis objectives and potential outcomes from the project. Also presented the code on automatic data acquistion and demonstarted it.
* Discussed potential collobaration with industry, [CGI GeoData360](https://www.cgi.com/uk/en-gb/geodata360) once the project is out of the dissertation phase. 

### Meeting-2 (17-04-2023)
* Meeting has taken place in person at the SPL, Leicester. I have presented the progress that had happened since the last meeting. Progress in S1 SAR data acquistion and pre-process using ESA SNAP by pythonic implelementation.
* Discussed regarding reasoning and arguments for the current approach towards the disseration project regarding data usage, and also discussed complications, solutions and potential alternatives.
* Discussed the scaling up factor of the project for the future with the industry.
* Usage of Planet's optical data was recommended, and the supervisor had helped me to setup an account with universities planet data. 
